do me a favor get in contact with the
love that you once had for your
wife if you maybe you still have some
yep yeah tell me when you feel
it hey okay now I want you to feel
responsible for her
happiness that's easy what happened to
the
love disappear dissipated retreated deep
into so you you you you you stopped
loving her to take responsibility for
her is what I'm hearing you
say hi hi
um yeah
um very familiar with your work so I'll
try to cut to the chase in the interest
of making time for
everyone you know I seem to be on the
cusp of everything I could want and hope
for um oh great
the patterns
of
obligation and
responsibility probably intertwined with
fear and a scarcity mindset just seemed
to get in the way you know my specific
question would be around
uh why can't I finish up with a divorce
but the the same patterns apply
sometimes in work and everything else
and where does obligation sit in your
body my arms my chest uh and on knes
it's very somatically always and uh
what's the thing that your wife what's
the thing that your wife said to you
that would allow you to like that that
would immediately put you in that
feeling of
obligation uh you ruined my life you
never really you know in the in the very
intense
moments yeah where um awesome Clint
you're you're you're wasting time and
all these other people aren't able
to take because you're wasting time with
this all these other people aren't
getting my help yep you're screwing
you're screwing up for everybody make
sure that you're you're brief
please yeah I feel what you're saying
okay so where is it in your
body chest
um great upper arms
feel it for a
minute and what happens if you're just
like if you see that
as the part of you that never got
loved
yep and love
it I can get to acceptance It's hard to
get to loving
it is that what you're doing every time
you accept responsibility for for
somebody else you get to acceptance but
you don't actually get to love
them yeah I think that's that's fair I
can accept myself I'm not sure I can get
to loving myself great so do me a favor
get in contact with the love that you
once had for your
wife if you maybe you still have some
yep yeah tell me when you feel
it
hey okay now I want you to feel
responsible for her
happiness that's easy what happened to
the
love disappeared dissipated retreated
deep into a you you you you stopped
loving her to take responsibility for
her is what I'm hearing you
say [__] I never had it heard it
said that way I guess that's accurate my
first response would be is wait I don't
want to guess I want you to actually
feel it this is an emotional
experience so it's not a guess it's like
every time you took responsibility acted
out of
obligation it stopped the love that you
felt for her yeah yep
yeah
right yep and how did she react to the
cessation of love not to you taking
responsibility but how did she react to
the sensation of love when you cut the
love off how what was her reaction
accommodation not not angering me trying
to make it better um not
confronting and how how much is that
you're cycling yourself as well we start
completely great so all all that's
happen happening
is you're stopping loving
yourself to take responsibility for
yourself and then you start
accommodating same thing that happened
with
her you stopped loving her to take
responsibility for her and then she
started accommodating the reflection
inside the reflection outside it's the
same
I get it with her I'm trouble I having
trouble seeing it for myself I'm being
honest yeah great
great um it resonates intellectually but
I don't feel what you're saying great
when the internal voice in your head is
that it's most
critical what does it say to
you you should be doing more with with
what you have you already have enough
great which is it taking responsibility
for you rather than Loving
You
yep and your response is to how do you
accommodate that voice in your head the
way your wife accommodated
you not necessarily confronted or
challenged or push through it or yeah
okay treat it as just another voice in
my head I pay attention to that one more
than the others yeah yeah walk on
eggshells try to yeah whole thing that's
it that's the that's the reality do you
see it now does it do you feel it now do
you get
it it's okay if you don't we can no I I
I don't like feel it deeply like the
other feelings but it's not just in my
head I there's a TR that reses great see
what it's like to actually feel it
deeply I have been cutting myself off
from love to take responsibility and
obligation for
myself even right now you feel some sort
of response and obligation to feel it
all the way through oh yes instead of
try to manufacture a deep feeling so I
can be performative on the uh yeah exact
experience yeah exactly
yeah how does it feel to know that like
you've been cutting yourself off for
love for no
reason or
her there's definitely shame and guilt
in all of this ah I don't want to do the
raised Catholic obligation thing but
there's definitely in all this stuff a
shame and obligation and cool then I
want you to do something
put turn your screen view so that you
can see everybody all the faces yep
every single person that you're looking
at every single person that you're
looking at has done
this every single person you're looking
at has cut themselves off from
love because of a Ser because of a
feeling of
obligation so I just want you to say out
loud that to all of them you should feel
ashamed
you should all feel ashamed
for cutting yourself off from your own
self-love yeah how does that feel to say
to
them pretty
unfair pretty [__] unfair what do you
want to say to them if you open your
heart and you feel like all of you not
from obligation if you don't cut off
obligation I'm sorry if you don't cut
off love for obligation
if you all of you what is it that you
want to say to all of them about this
topic look at them don't look up look at
them yeah yeah that you should be free
to love yourself that you're human that
um a complicated existence
and um you should have Grace
in um mistakes are made
and uh you can only proceed from the
present can you do that again without
any shs just to see if it feels more or
less in
alignment maybe it's less maybe it's
more I'm trying to think of even how the
word now you said should it just I
realize how much shoulds there is
um you're all human you all just deserve
love you
all should be God that word I hate that
word isn't that great check it out
[__] it's the obligation every time
that [__] hits It's obligation yep right
yeah it's
beautiful so try again look at all of
them and and you start off by saying you
all deserve
love yep you all deserve
love you all deserve the ability to live
without obligation to be true to
yourselves to live a Fearless life or
when you feel the fear to embrace it and
move past it great now just say the same
thing with i instead of
you I I deserve love I deserve to be
loved I deserve to live without fear or
when fear arises to be able to
acknowledge it feel it and move through
it and
forward
yeah I I can feel you feeling it all the
way like you get like you're so
[Laughter]
great I could do better I could do
better
[Laughter]
yeah you couldn't do better if you could
do better you would have done better
that's what you can
Doo yeah well there's another pattern
so you're it's the same it's not a
different it's the same pattern okay
it's the obligation that I should have
done better and the should that I should
have done better and that's right yeah
yeah it's it's
everywhere
yeah and there's really only one
solution to
it every time you do that you're cutting
yourself off from loving yourself every
time you do that you cut yourself off
from loving us
every time you do that you cut yourself
off from loving your
wife so what's the
solution what's more important to you
love or
obligation love I give you a solution I
give you a solution the first thing you
do is you're gonna stick a [__] [__]
in front of it
yep I [__] solu I'm here for I I
shouldn't be here asking for another
person to give me an answer that should
have for
myself
exactly
yeah shouldn't be taking all this time
there's no already there no there is no
winning man there's I've already taken
too much time I've already signed up for
the course we'll just deal with this in
the course can we end this now so
somebody else with real problems can get
your
time
yeah yeah you gonna do that or you gonna
love what are you gonna do
sometimes I love yeah it's not a always
thing yeah sometimes when in the
difficult moments I
don't just how about right now just look
at everybody and just tell me what's
right
now there's love and acceptance and
community and compassion
and
yeah yeah I it's problem is me it's not
other people I mean the I
know I am the person that needs to be
loved not other people I'm actually
halfway decent at the other part I'm but
I won't be great at it with other people
until I'm much better at it with
me it's nice that you see
it so look inside and without going into
the past or the future tell me what's
not lovable right
now nothing and whenever I stay in the
present I'm
fine looks like you have your
answer we'll work on the future tripping
and
the SC scarcity mindset in the course
then that's all future tripping
everything absolutely is I know I agree
I know it's my
pattern I've actually worked on the past
fairly recently I feel good about the
past despite all the mistakes I still
haven't figured out the future so the
future is what takes me from the present
now go ahead leave the
present yep it's pretty easy still
here no I serious leave leave the
present please
nope nope still here
yep or to get
it look forward to more pleasure thank
you appreciate
it